## Account Validation

The account validation system verifies various information of an account and the type of operation being performed.

            {
    _id: "123456",
    acount_Id: "56a4f3564",
    action: "10",

    }



The validation works in two stages, first identifying where it came from and to whom the validation belongs.

## Description
    _id:
Unique identifier automatically generated by the database.


    account_id:
Identifier of the account being validated.


    action:
Type of action being executed, which can be:

- `"10"`: Transfer

- `"20"`: History

- `"30"`: Swap FIAT

- `"40"`: Payment


The validation is done in two steps. In the first step, the origin of the request and the ownership of the validation are identified. In the second step, the information from the document is used to validate the requested operation or generate a new error structure.

When an error occurs, the previous structure will be copied and a new key-value pair corresponding to the type of error will be inserted, e.g.:
    
    
        error_Handler: "3",
    


## Description 

    Error_Handler

This new key will have the following values according to each identified error:

    "1": Validation error

This type of error occurs when the transaction does not satisfy one or more validation rules defined in the system. For example, if a transaction attempts to transfer more money than the available balance in an account, this may result in a validation error.

    "2": Data integrity error

This type of error occurs when the transaction causes a violation of data integrity in a system. For example, if a transaction attempts to insert a duplicate record in a database, this may result in a data integrity error.

    "3": Concurrency error

This type of error occurs when two or more transactions are attempting to access and/or modify the same data simultaneously. For example, if two transactions are attempting to update the balance of an account at the same time, a concurrency error may occur.

    "4": Communication error

This type of error occurs when there is a communication problem between the systems involved in the transaction. For example, if a transaction cannot be completed because the connection to the database was lost, this may result in a communication error.

    "5": Security error

This type of error occurs when the transaction is affected by a security breach. For example, if a user X attempts to access the credentials of a user Y and execute an unauthorized transaction, this may result in a security error.
    