# **Collateral Hoarding.**

This structure is responsible for demonstrating how the creation of a collateral can be realized.


    {
     _id: "123456",
     total_bonds: 1000,
     unit_price: 1000,
     bond_type: "IPCA+",
     maturity_date: "01/01/2050",
     purchase_date: "01/01/2025",
    }
______________
## Description 

    _id
Unique identifier automatically generated by the database.

    typeBonds
The type of security describes which public debt security is being held and its yield model.

    totalBonds
Total number of bonds.

    unitPrice
Price per unit.

    maturity
Bonds maturity date.

    datePurchase
Bonds purchase date.

_____________________________________
## **The hoarding will occur according to the following formula:**:
__________________
Total quantity of securities * Unit price = Initial hoarding

The Initial hoarding will generate a 1:1 in Stable units initially, after the fluctuation of the securities, new hoarding will follow a simple rule of three, where:

Current value of the security / Total quantity of securities = Unit value per Stable
Quantity of new securities * Unit price of new securities = New hoarding
The New hoarding generates an amount of 1:X where X = Unit value per Stable

See an [example](/example/lastro.js)

Based on the presented example, we can have a preliminary view of how future treasury processes and other related functions could work. However, it is important to keep in mind that as the analysis deepens, the level of complexity increases significantly.

While I am focused on presenting the idea in a simple and clear way, it is crucial to emphasize that this document is just an outline. The objective is to validate the idea and identify the key areas that need to be considered in the full development of the project.

When considering the technical, financial, and operational aspects of the project, as well as the regulatory and legal implications, other challenges and opportunities may arise that need to be considered. Therefore, it is important to maintain a flexible approach that adapts as new information and perspectives emerge throughout the process.